
Team meeting #8

attendance: all present

starts 3:00 p.m. 3/24/2025

Discussed: 
1. Project Proposal Approval, YAY!! Maddox & Jordan
2. Conceptual Design, needs to be worked on. Went over reviewer comments. Made changes accordingly. Agree all will work on individual parts and meet on Friday 28th to discuss. 
3. Vote on type of battery material used: Lithium ion or lithium manganese cobalt (NMC) decided find a potentially better battery cell: Marisol
4. Voted to impliment a temperature based limiting current behaviour of the battery management system. - passed.
5. Need to get in touch with Mark Davis to figure out what specifically he wants in the battery and battery management system for the conceptual design: Maddox 
    a. Thing to discuss w Mark: allowable dimmensions, zero motors electrical characteristics and tolerances and what specifically he is looking for in the conceptual design 
6. Assigned "division of labor" on Conceptual Design
    a. Maddox: work on circuit design for the detailed design and keep track of resources. Discharge circuit.
    b. Jordan: charging circuit
    c. Dylan: battery design and sensors
    d. Marisol: power distribution circuit
    e. Mackenzie: figure out the required arrangment of battery cells to meet the eletcrical characteristics. Find an insulating material

Acheivements: 
1. All members enjoyed spring break (??)
2. All members worked/completed relevant sections of the conceptual design 
  a. Maddox updated budget
  b. Dylan updated the comparison of potential solutions
  c. Jordan updated the specifications of subsystems
  d. Marisol updated the flow chart
  e. Mackenzie added reviewers

Goals:
1. Continue work/complete Conceptual Design, each on their respective assigned parts
2. Start conceptualizing individual role/detailed concept design:
    a. Maddox: work on circuit design for the detailed design and keep track of resources. Discharge circuit.
    b. Jordan: charging circuit
    c. Dylan: battery design and sensors
    d. Marisol: power distribution circuit
    e. Mackenzie: figure out the required arrangment of battery cells to meet the eletcrical characteristics. Find an insulating materiall






ends: 3:50 p.m. 3/24/2025
